docs: publish TraceLens documentation site (rocm-docs / Read the Docs) (#772)
AMD-AGI/TraceLens: docs/how-to/compare-traces.md

```bash
TraceLens_compare_perf_reports_pytorch \
    baseline.xlsx candidate.xlsx \
    --names baseline candidate \
    --sheets all \
    -o comparison.xlsx
```

- `--names` sets the display tags used in the comparison sheets (the count must
  match the number of reports).
- `--sheets` selects sheet groups: `gpu_timeline`, `ops_summary`,
  `kernel_summary`, `ops_all`, `roofline`, or `all`.
- `-o` sets the output workbook path; add `--output_csvs_dir` to also emit CSVs.

**Expected output**: `comparison.xlsx`, a workbook with side-by-side columns for
each report. Rows are matched by op name, so this works best when the two runs
share the same op names (typically the same workload across configurations). When
names diverge — for example across hardware or library versions — use the
[TraceDiff comparison](#tracediff-comparison-morphological) instead.

You can also pass directories of per-sheet `.csv` files instead of `.xlsx`
reports, and compare more than two reports at once.

### Step 3: Read the comparison sheets

The output workbook contains one sheet per group you requested with `--sheets`:

| Sheet | When you get it | What it shows |
|-------|-----------------|---------------|

> | `gpu_timeline` | `gpu_timeline` or `all` | GPU activity by type (compute, memcpy, etc.) with per-report timings plus `time ms__<tag>_diff` and `time ms__<tag>_pct`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `gpu_timeline` | `gpu_timeline` or `all` | GPU activity by type (compute, memcpy, and so on) with per-report timings plus `time ms__<tag>_diff` and `time ms__<tag>_pct`. |
```

`TraceToTree` objects it compares.
```

### Output files

| File | Contents |
|------|----------|
| `merged_tree_output.txt` | Text visualization of the merged tree, showing matched and unmatched nodes. |
| `diff_stats.csv` | Detailed per-op-instance statistics: input shapes, types, kernel times, and kernel names. |
| `diff_stats_unique_args_summary.csv` | Statistics aggregated per op name plus unique argument combination. |
| `cpu_op_map_trace1.json` / `cpu_op_map_trace2.json` | Per-trace map from each CPU op to its kernels. |

### Access DataFrames and UID mapping

After `generate_tracediff_report()`, the same data is available as DataFrames,
and `merged_uid_map` cross-references events between the two trees:

```python
df_stats = td.diff_stats_df                       # detailed per-op
df_args  = td.diff_stats_unique_args_summary_df    # per op name + unique args

# Find the tree2 UID corresponding to a tree1 UID (-1 if no match)
uid1 = next(iter(td.baseline.cpu_root_nodes))
uid2 = td.get_corresponding_uid(1, uid1)
```

### Inline diff during report generation

To run TraceDiff automatically while generating the primary PyTorch report, pass

> `--comparison_json_path`. This adds speedup, delta, and LCA columns to

Reviewer: What does LCA stands for? Last Completed Action?
